hey guys what's going on it should boys
save us from oh and right now i am
bringing you all the NFC Championship
game I'm playing as the 49ers I've got
the 49ers beating the Falcons I'm still
undecided who I'm going to play as in
the Ravens Patriots game I don't know
I'm still up in the air about it I guess
at this point I would like to see the
Ravens win for Ray Lewis but also on the
flip side of that I don't know I just I
don't know that they have it in them to
beat Tom Brady and his Patriots so with
that said let's go ahead and get started
let's focus on this game let's not get
ahead of ourselves San Francisco Atlanta
I have same frame beating atlanta
especially after the way that Lana
played at home against Seattle and I
think that San Francisco was a far
better team in Seattle so let's see how
it all plays out let's go ahead and get
started
it'll be all right it's early I don't
understand it's now second down causes
it to the outside
so I line up in the 34 call the
run play
we get comments heads to the line for
the seventh play of the drive third and
six play fake here Randy Moss
and is it good it's amazing it's
better than good it's amazing
51-yarder bitch nice job by the offense
moving the football down go go try on
the way
to the line and its first down
quarterback drops back play-action
looking
ted ginn you had that might have even
been a touchdown she'll settle for the
field goal for now play it safe
when you have a field goal kicker like
this guy who kicked these long bond more
stop here
after that
Michael Crabtree play number six
I can't stand how I can't hit two again
this don't have an answer mmm-hmm I mean
I'm not playing bad football not playing
horrible football it might be playing
bad for Bibble I'm not playing horrible
for x I just can't get it together
oh good you dropped it okay pass every
single time always dropping that
pass always
a bound to snap it for the ninth play of
the drive scrambling
cap runs it in cap runs it in when in
doubt roll it out again three people hit
him but I'm pretty sure that's it that's
the end of the game um I don't think
they're gonna run another play they
might who knows but oh I didn't play
great football I played decent people
then my great football if they run
another play and they score a touchdown
here i'm gonna be really really pissed
actually um but anyways I still have the
49ers going over the Falcons in the real
game this doesn't change my opinion of
real football just changed my opinion of
how good I am at Madden football so hope
you guys enjoyed the video take the time
to like comment share favorite the video
subscribe up in the top right my left
and there will be a playlist for
anything that you missed an annotation
with playlist excuse me including
anything that you missed up in the top
left my right so it is what it is i had
flashes of brilliance i had some some
open receivers that maybe my past could
have been better well the catch could
have been better or you know maybe if
randy moss and vernon davis and ted ginn
would have dropped you know like five
passes a piece maybe the game would have
gone differently so either way doesn't
matter I lost Falcons win what a
horrible game I kept entertaining I
think so hope you guys enjoyed it take
these guys peace